In the first part of this lesson,
we'll discuss iterative design,
including learning about the three stages and six steps in the design thinking cycle.
In the second part of this lesson will delve into
the business stakeholders you'll work with as a data product manager,
including cross-functional teammates in design,
engineering, and data science.
In the third part of this lesson,
we'll discuss the history of iterative design,
including the spiral development model in 1986,
and the advent of Agile development methods in the 1990s and 2000s.
In the last part of this lesson,
we'll discuss the final project you'll complete at the end of this course.
This project will call on you to combine the use of
new skills learned in every lesson of this course.